samples: Add modem shell sample. (#4546)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/nrf9160/modem_shell/README.rst

   sock rai -i 0 --rai_last
   sock send -i 0 -d testing

List open sockets::

   sock list

SMS tool
========

MoSh command: "sms"

SMS tool can be used for sending and receiving SMS messages.

Examples
--------

Register SMS service so messages can be received if SIM subscription supports it:

   sms reg

Send SMS message (registration is done automatically if not already done)::

   sms send -n +987654321 -m testing

GNSS
====

MoSh command: "gnss"

GNSS provides commands for searching the location of the device.

Examples
--------

Start GNSS tracking and then stop it::

   gnss start
   gnss stop

Disable LTE, enable all GNSS output and start continuous tracking with power saving enabled::

   ltelc funmode --lteoff
   gnss output 2 1 1
   gnss mode cont
   gnss config powersave perf
   gnss start

Enable LTE PSM, only NMEA output, automatic A-GPS data fetching and start periodic fixes with 5 minute interval and 120 second timeout::

   ltelc psm -e
   gnss output 0 1 0
   gnss agps automatic enable
   gnss mode periodic 300 120
   gnss start

Enable Low Noise Amplifier (LNA) for use with the on-board GPS antenna::

   gnss lna enable

FOTA
====

MoSh command: "fota"

> FOTA can be used to perform software updates over-the-air. However, you need to know what updates are available in NRF servers in order to use this feature completely.

Author: What should we document here? Fota feature is made to use our servers that are publicly available. However, you need to know the names of the files that you want to update to, and hence this is useful for some stakeholders.
Any comments @rlubos

Reviewer: > Fota feature is made to use our servers that are publicly available.

Is that related to the modem FOTA or the application FOTA as well (i. e. do/will we provide a snapshot images of the MoSH sample)? Do we maintain a list of available modem update images somewhere in the docs already?

Reviewer 2: It's possible to do both modem and application FOTA with this command. Currently we have no plans to maintain a public list of available images on our test servers. However, this feature is used by selected users and customers to whom we will communicate the image names they can use.

We could create a JIRA item to make this more generic later, so that the user could also specify the address of the server. This usually also involves certificates, so it's not just a matter of allowing the user to provide the address.

Author: I've updated the description slightly to mention that this is intended for selected users. @rlubos, @tokangas  please check if this sounds fine.

Reviewer 2: Looks good to me.

PPP
===

MoSh command: "ppp"

PPP (Point-to-Point Protocol) can be used to enable dial-up access to the Internet.

> MoSh command is simple as shown in below example but you need to have normal dial up setup in your PC in order to use development kit's PPP interface.

Author: What do we do with PPP documentation? MoSh shell command is simple “ppp up” but the setup is more complicated and not something normal.

Reviewer: By the "setup" do you mean host-side configuration? IMO we should provide a guide for this as well, although I'm not sure how complex that is. Perhaps there's some tutorial on the internet already we could link to? It should be pretty generic setup I guess?

Author: Yes, I mean host-side configuration. You've got a link to the setup description in your mailbox.

Author: I've added this note as agreed:
```
.. note::
   Dial-up connection is non functional when using Segger virtual UART ports.
   PPP has been used successfully with FTDI UART port though.
   Refer to Section 2.1.2 in nRF9160 Hardware Verification Guidelines (nWP-034):
   https://infocenter.nordicsemi.com/pdf/nwp_034.pdf
```

.. _modem_shell_application:

nRF9160: Modem Shell
####################

The Modem Shell (MoSh) sample application enables you to test various device connectivity features, including data throughput.

Overview
********

MoSh enables testing of different connectivity features such as
LTE link handling, TCP/IP connections, data throughput (iperf3 and curl), SMS, GNSS, FOTA updates and PPP.
Hence, this sample is not only code sample, which it also is in many aspects, but also a test application for aforementioned features.
MoSh uses the LTE link control driver to establish an LTE connection and
initializes the Zephyr shell to provide a shell command-line interface for users.

> Below subsections list MoSh features and show shell command examples on how they can be used.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The subsections list the MoSh features and show shell command examples on their usage.
```

LTE link control
================

MoSh command: "link"

> LTE link control is used to change and query the state of the LTE connection.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
LTE link control changes and queries the state of the LTE connection.
```

Many of the changes are applied when going to online mode for the next time.

Examples
--------

> Change system mode to NB-IoT and query connection status::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Change the system mode to NB-IoT and query the connection status::
```

   link funmode -4
   link sysmode -n
   link funmode -1
   link status

> Open another PDP context, and close it::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Open another PDP context and close it::
```

   link connect -a internet.operator.com
   link status
   link disconnect -I 1

Enable and configure eDRX::

   link edrx -e -m --edrx_value 0010 --ptw 0010

Enable and configure PSM::

   link psm -e --rptau 01100100 --rat 00100010

AT commands
===========

MoSh command: "at"

> AT command module can be used to send AT commands to the modem.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can use the AT command module to send AT commands to the modem.
```

Examples
--------

Send AT command to query network status with::

   at at+cereg?

Send AT command to query neightbour cells::

   at at%NBRGRSRP

Enable AT command events::

   at events_enable

Disable AT command events::

   at events_disable

Ping
====

MoSh command: "ping"

> Ping is a well-known tool for testing the reachability of a host on an IP network.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Ping is a tool for testing the reachability of a host on an IP network.
```

Examples
--------

Ping a URL::

   ping -d ping.server.url

> Ping an IPv6 address with length of 500 bytes and 1s intervals::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Ping an IPv6 address with length of 500 bytes and 1 s intervals::
```

   ping -d 1a2b:1a2b:1a2b:1a2b::1 -6 -l 500 -i 1000

Iperf3
======

MoSh command: "iperf3"

> Iperf3 is a well-known tool for measuring data transfer performance both in uplink and downlink direction.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Iperf3 is a tool for measuring data transfer performance both in uplink and downlink direction.
```

Examples
--------

Download data for 30 seconds with packet size of 3540 bytes and use detailed output::

   iperf3 --client 111.222.111.222 --port 10000 -l 3540 --time 30 -V -R

Upload data for 60 seconds with packet size of 3540 bytes and use detailed output as well as debug output::

   iperf3 --client 111.222.111.222 --port 10000 -l 3540 --time 60 -V -d

Download data for 10 seconds over IPv6::

   iperf3 --client 1a2b:1a2b:1a2b:1a2b::1 --port 20000 --time 10 -R -6

Curl
====

MoSh command: "curl"

> Curl is a well-known tool for doing all sorts of URL manipulations and transfers.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Curl is a command-line tool for transferring data specified with URL syntax.
```

> It's part of MoSh so that testing data download can be performed with a "standard" tool.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It is a part of MoSh and enables you to download testing data with a "standard" tool.
```

Author: I think the meaning changes here from `testing data download` to `download testing data`, which sounds different to me.

Reviewer 3: You are so right. Check now if I got it correct.

Author: This is good.

Examples
--------

HTTP download::

   curl http://curl.server.url/download_500k_file.zip

Socket tool
===========

MoSh command: "sock"

> Socket tool is used to create and manage socket connections as well as send and receive data.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can use the socket tool to:

* Create and manage socket connections.
* Send and receive data.
```

Examples
--------

Open and connect to an IP address and port (IPv4 TCP socket)::

   sock connect -a 111.222.111.222 -p 20000

Open and connect to hostname and port (IPv4 TCP socket)::

   sock connect -a google.com -p 20000

Open and connect IPv6 TCP socket and bind to a port::

   sock connect -a 1a2b:1a2b:1a2b:1a2b::1 -p 20000 -f inet6 -t stream -b 40000

> Open IPv6 UDP socket::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Open an IPv6 UDP socket::
```

   sock connect -a 1a2b:1a2b:1a2b:1a2b::1 -p 20000 -f inet6 -t dgram

> Open raw socket::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Open a raw socket::
```

   sock connect -f packet -t raw

> Open a socket to non-default PDP context::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Open a socket to a non-default PDP context::
```

   link connect -a nondefault.context.com
   sock connect -f packet -t raw -I 1

> Send string through socket::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Send a string through the socket::
```

   sock send -i 0 -d testing

> Send 100kB of data and show throughput statistics::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Send 100 kB of data and show throughput statistics::
```

   sock send -i 0 -l 100000

> Send data periodically with 10s interval::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Send data periodically with 10 s interval::
```

   sock send -i 0 -e 10 -d test_periodic

> Calculate receive throughput::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Calculate the receive throughput::
```

   <do whatever is needed to make device receive data after some time>
   sock recv -i 0 -r -l 1000000
   sock recv -i 0
   sock recv -i 0

> Close socket::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Close a socket::
```

   sock close -i 0

Use RAI settings::

   link funmode -4
   sock rai --rai_enable
   link funmode -1
   sock connect -a 111.222.111.222 -p 20000
   sock rai -i 0 --rai_last
   sock send -i 0 -d testing

List open sockets::

   sock list

SMS tool
========

MoSh command: "sms"

> SMS tool can be used for sending and receiving SMS messages.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can use the SMS tool for sending and receiving SMS messages.
```

Examples
--------

> Register SMS service so messages can be received if SIM subscription supports it::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Register the SMS service so that messages can be received if SIM subscription supports it::
```

   sms reg

> Send SMS message (registration is done automatically if not already done)::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Send an SMS message (registration is done automatically if not already done)::
```

   sms send -n +987654321 -m testing

GNSS
====

MoSh command: "gnss"

GNSS provides commands for searching the location of the device.

Examples
--------

> Start GNSS tracking and then stop it::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Start GNSS tracking and stop it::
```

   gnss start
   gnss stop

Disable LTE, enable all GNSS output and start continuous tracking with power saving enabled::

   link funmode --lteoff
   gnss output 2 1 1
   gnss mode cont
   gnss config powersave perf
   gnss start

Enable LTE PSM, only NMEA output, automatic A-GPS data fetching and start periodic fixes with 5 minute interval and 120 second timeout::

   link psm -e
   gnss output 0 1 0
   gnss agps automatic enable
   gnss mode periodic 300 120
   gnss start

Enable Low Noise Amplifier (LNA) for use with the on-board GPS antenna::

   gnss lna enable

FOTA
====

MoSh command: "fota"

> FOTA can be used to perform software updates over-the-air for both modem and application side.
> However, in order to use this feature, you would need to know what updates are available in the servers.
> This feature is intended to be used only by selected users and customers to whom available image names are communicated separately.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can use FOTA to perform software updates over-the-air for both modem and application side.
However, to use this feature, you need to know which updates are available in the servers.
This feature is intended to be used only by selected users and customers to whom available image names are communicated separately.
```

Examples
--------

> Perform FOTA update::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Perform a FOTA update::
```

   fota download eu fw_update_package_filename.hex

PPP
===

MoSh command: "ppp"

> PPP (Point-to-Point Protocol) can be used to enable dial-up access to the Internet.
> MoSh command is simple as shown in below example but you need to have normal dial up setup in your PC in order to use development kit's PPP interface.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can use the PPP (Point-to-Point Protocol) to enable dial-up access to the Internet.
The MoSh command is simple but you need to have a normal dial-up setup in your PC to be able to use the development kit's PPP interface.
```

Examples
--------

> Set PPP network interface up::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Set the PPP network interface up::
```

   ppp up

> Set PPP network interface down::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Set the PPP network interface down::
```

   ppp down

Requirements
************

The sample supports the following development kits:

.. table-from-rows:: /includes/sample_board_rows.txt
   :header: heading
   :rows: nrf9160dk_nrf9160ns

Configuration
*************

|config|

Configuration options
=====================

> Check and configure the following configuration option for the sample:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Check and configure the following configuration options for the sample:
```

.. option:: CONFIG_MOSH_LINK - Enable LTE link control feature in modem shell.
.. option:: CONFIG_MOSH_PING - Enable ping feature in modem shell.
.. option:: CONFIG_MOSH_IPERF3 - Enable iperf3 feature in modem shell.
.. option:: CONFIG_MOSH_CURL - Enable curl feature in modem shell.
.. option:: CONFIG_MOSH_SOCK - Enable socket tool feature in modem shell.
.. option:: CONFIG_MOSH_SMS - Enable SMS feature in modem shell.
.. option:: CONFIG_MOSH_GNSS - Enable GNSS feature in modem shell.
.. option:: CONFIG_MOSH_FOTA - Enable FOTA feature in modem shell.
.. option:: CONFIG_MOSH_PPP - Enable PPP feature in modem shell.

> Notice that the memory is likely restricting use of all features at the same time.
> Configuration files and overlays can be checked on what has been enabled in some context simultaneously.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. note:
   You may not be able to use all features at the same time due to memory restrictions.
   To see which features are enabled simultaneously, check the configuration files and overlays.
```

#. Create a serial connection to the development kit (J-Link COM port) with a terminal using the following settings:

   * Hardware flow control: disabled
   * Baud rate: 115200
   * Parity bit: no

#. Reset the development kit.

#. Observe in the terminal window that the application starts.
   This is indicated by output similar to the following (there is also a lot of additional information about the LTE connection)::

      *** Booting Zephyr OS build v2.4.99-ncs1-3525-g4d068de3f50f  ***

      MOSH version:       v1.5.0-649-g7e657c2fab02
      MOSH build id:      custom
      MOSH build variant: dev

      Initializing modemlib...

      mosh:~$ Initialized modemlib
      Network registration status: searching
      Network registration status: Connected - home network
      mosh:~$

#. Type any of the commands listed in the Overview section to the terminal. When you type only the command, the terminal shows the usage, for example ``sock``.

PPP support
============

To build the MoSh sample with PPP/dial up support for Windows, use the ``-DOVERLAY_CONFIG=overlay-ppp.conf``
and the DTS overlay ``-DDTC_OVERLAY_FILE=ppp-dts.overlay`` options.

> For example

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For example:
```

``west build -p -b nrf9160dk_nrf9160ns -d build -- -DDTC_OVERLAY_FILE=ppp-dts.overlay -DOVERLAY_CONFIG=overlay-ppp.conf``

See :ref:`cmake_options` for more instructions on how to add this option.

Application FOTA support
========================

To build the MoSh sample with application FOTA support, use the ``-DOVERLAY_CONFIG=overlay-app_fota.conf`` option.

> For example

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For example:
```

``west build -p -b nrf9160dk_nrf9160ns -d build -- -DOVERLAY_CONFIG=overlay-app_fota.conf``

See :ref:`cmake_options` for more instructions on how to add this option.

LwM2M carrier library support
=============================

To build the MoSh sample with LwM2M carrier library support, use the ``-DOVERLAY_CONFIG=overlay-lwm2m_carrier.conf`` option.

> For example

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For example:
```

.. _modem_shell_application:

> .. highlight:: console

Author: I've been trying to change this back and forth between deleting this line, having sh, c or console to try and find pygments lexer that wouldn't do any highlighting of the examples, or literal blocks in the final document but haven't found so far. Problem with this console is that it's light grey and could be darker. In addition, bootup text in Testing section has highlighting.
@peknis Can you check what would be the best output for example shell command highlighting? Leaving this line out will set default which is python3 (or some python) and that's highlight the end of curl commands that have python's comment character (#) in the command.

Reviewer 3: Before each code snippet:
.. code-block:: console
   
   add the command here

Author: `highlight `should do the same for entire document (until next `highlight`) as code-block does for one literal block. My question is whether there is a better style that `console `for our purpose. Ideally it would be something that doesn't highlight any parts of the text but even google doesn't help me finding such lexer as python based lexers (python, python3, etc.) seem to be defaults.

Reviewer 3: Will look into this. I'll get back when I have a better answer.

Reviewer 3: Possibly, .. code-block:: none leaves the codesnippet without any highlighting.

Author: I'll give `none `value a try now. Somewhere in web I read that it would mean default which is `python3 `but let's see. It would make sense to have a `none `value with now highlighting.

Author: You can see how none shows up at the moment. Looks fine except for the bootup part. I guess that looked fine with python3 so I'll try that out there.

Author: I'm using currently `.. highlight:: none` in the beginning of the file so all literal blocks will use this unless otherwise specified. This seems to work fine now.

Author: This looks good now.

``west build -p -b nrf9160dk_nrf9160ns -d build -- -DOVERLAY_CONFIG=overlay-ppp.conf``

See :ref:`cmake_options` for more instructions on how to add this option.

Application FOTA support
========================

To build the MoSh sample with application FOTA support, use the ``-DOVERLAY_CONFIG=overlay-app_fota.conf`` option.
For example:

``west build -p -b nrf9160dk_nrf9160ns -d build -- -DOVERLAY_CONFIG=overlay-app_fota.conf``

See :ref:`cmake_options` for more instructions on how to add this option.

LwM2M carrier library support
=============================

To build the MoSh sample with LwM2M carrier library support, use the ``-DOVERLAY_CONFIG=overlay-lwm2m_carrier.conf`` option.
For example:

``west build -p -b nrf9160dk_nrf9160ns -d build -- -DOVERLAY_CONFIG=overlay-lwm2m_carrier.conf``

See :ref:`cmake_options` for more instructions on how to add this option.

Dependencies
************

This sample uses the following libraries:

From |NCS|
  * :ref:`lte_lc_readme`
  * :ref:`modem_info_readme`
  * :ref:`at_cmd_readme`
  * :ref:`at_cmd_parser_readme`
  * :ref:`at_notif_readme`
  * :ref:`sms_readme`

From nrfxlib
  * :ref:`nrfxlib:nrf_modem`

References
**********

> `nRF9160 Hardware Verification Guidelines (nWP-034) <https://infocenter.nordicsemi.com/pdf/nwp_034.pdf>`_

Reviewer 3: This works, but if you added the link to the links.txt file, you can just have `` `nRF9160 Hardware Verification Guidelines`_ ``

Author: Changed

   link funmode --lteoff
   gnss output 2 1 1
   gnss mode cont
   gnss config powersave perf
   gnss start

Enable LTE PSM, only NMEA output, automatic A-GPS data fetching and start periodic fixes with 5 minute interval and 120 second timeout::

   link psm -e
   gnss output 0 1 0
   gnss agps automatic enable
   gnss mode periodic 300 120
   gnss start

Enable Low Noise Amplifier (LNA) for use with the on-board GPS antenna::

   gnss lna enable

FOTA
====

MoSh command: "fota"

You can use FOTA to perform software updates over-the-air for both modem and application side.
However, to use this feature, you need to know which updates are available in the servers.
This feature is intended to be used only by selected users and customers to whom available image names are communicated separately.

Examples
--------

Perform a FOTA update::

   fota download eu fw_update_package_filename.hex

PPP
===

MoSh command: "ppp"

You can use the PPP (Point-to-Point Protocol) to enable dial-up access to the Internet.
The MoSh command is simple but you need to have a normal dial-up setup in your PC to be able to use the development kit's PPP interface.

.. note::

>    Dial-up connection is non functional when using Segger virtual UART ports.

Author: @peknis Please check this note and especially the way I've added the reference here and into the References chapter.

Reviewer 3: Leave a blank line after the ``.. note::``.
For the link, add a new line in the ..\..\ncs\nrf\doc\nrf.links.txt (in the Source: infocenter.nordicsemi.com section) like this:
``.. _`nRF9160 Hardware Verification Guidelines`: https://infocenter.nordicsemi.com/topic/nwp_034/WP/nwp_034/nwp_034_intro.html``

Then in this doc: ``Refer to Section 2.1.2 of the `nRF9160 Hardware Verification Guidelines`_``

Author: I've changed these and let's see how it looks in the final document

Author: Modified link based on Teams chat:
`.. _`nRF9160 Hardware Verification Guidelines - UART interface`: https://infocenter.nordicsemi.com/topic/nwp_034/WP/nwp_034/nwp_034_uart_if.html`

.. _modem_shell_application:

nRF9160: Modem Shell application
################################

> Modem Shell (MoSH) application includes functionality to test various device connectivity features related to sockets including data throughput.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Modem Shell (MoSH) sample application enables you to test various device connectivity features related to sockets including data throughput.
```

Overview
********

> MoSH uses LTE link control driver to establish LTE connection and
> initializes Zephyr shell to provide shell command line interface for users.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
MoSH uses the LTE link control driver to establish an LTE connection and
initializes the Zephyr shell to provide a shell command-line interface for users.
```

Requirements
************

> * The following development board:
> 
>   * |nRF9160DK|

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The sample supports the following development kits:

.. table-from-rows:: /includes/sample_board_rows.txt
   :header: heading
   :rows: nrf9160dk_nrf9160ns
```

Building and running
********************

.. |sample path| replace:: :file:`samples/modem_shell`

PPP support
============

> To build the MoSH sample with PPP / dial up support for Windows, build it with the ``-DOVERLAY_CONFIG=overlay-ppp.conf`` option.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To build the MoSH sample with PPP/dial up support for Windows, use the ``-DOVERLAY_CONFIG=overlay-ppp.conf`` option.
```

For example ``west build -b nrf9160dk_nrf9160ns -d build -- -DOVERLAY_CONFIG=overlay-ppp.conf``
See :ref:`cmake_options` for instructions on how to add this option.

Testing
=======

> After programming the application and all prerequisites to your board, test the MoSH by performing the following steps:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To test MoSH after programming the application and all prerequisites to your development kit, complete the following steps:
```

> 1. Connect the board to the computer using a USB cable.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Connect the development kit to the computer using a USB cable.
```

>    The board is assigned a COM port (Windows) or ttyACM device (Linux), which is visible in the Device Manager.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   The development kit is assigned a COM port (Windows) or ttyACM device (Linux), which is visible in the Device Manager.
```

> #. Create serial connection to the board (J-Link COM port) with a terminal

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#. Create a serial connection to the development kit (J-Link COM port) with a terminal using the following settings:
```

   * Hardware flow control: disabled
   * Baud rate: 115200
   * Parity bit: no

> #. Reset the board.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#. Reset the development kit.
```

#. Observe in the terminal window that the application starts.

>    This is indicated by output similar to the following lines::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   This is indicated by output similar to the following::
```

	SPM: prepare to jump to Non-Secure image.

	uart-mosh:~$ *** Booting Zephyr OS build v2.3.0 ***

	The MoSH sample started

	LTE cell changed: Cell ID: 1480706, Tracking area: 2002
	Network registration status: searching
	Network registration status: Connected - roaming
	uart-mosh:~$

> #. Type any of the commands listed in the Features section to the terminal. Typing just the command will show the usage, e.g. 'sock'.

Reviewer 3: Where is the Features section you refer to?

Author: I'll go through the documentation and see how to structure it and whether to add features section or remove this reference

Author: Features will be in Overview chapter so I'm referring there.

> #. Type any of the commands listed in the Features section to the terminal. Typing just the command will show the usage, e.g. 'sock'.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#. Type any of the commands listed in the Features section to the terminal. When you type only the command, the terminal shows the usage, for example ``sock``.
```

Dependencies
************

This sample uses the following libraries:

From |NCS|
  * :ref:`modem_info_readme`
  * :ref:`at_cmd_readme`
  * :ref:`lte_lc_readme`

From nrfxlib
  * :ref:`nrfxlib:nrf_modem`

> References

Reviewer 3: If you don't want or need to refer to any other docs, please remove this heading.

Author: Ok, removed

   link edrx -e -m --edrx_value 0010 --ptw 0010

Subscribe for modem TAU and sleep notifications, enable and configure PSM::

   link tau --subscribe
   link msleep --subscribe
   link psm -e --rptau 01100100 --rat 00100010

Disable autoconnect::

   link nmodeauto --disable
   

>    Reboot the DK and it remains in pwroff functional mode and link is not connected.

Reviewer 3: Is this text coming from the code? If not, you might want to have it in normal text.

Author: Modifying to example description

>    Reboot the DK and it remains in pwroff functional mode and link is not connected.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   Reboot the DK. It remains in pwroff functional mode and the link is not connected.
```

Link settings::

>    Some of the link subcommand parameters are stored to settings and are persistent between sessions.

Reviewer 3: Do you want to have this in the code snippet format even though there is only text?

Author: No, we'll tune it

Author: Moving this to Link description in my next change

> Set custom AT commands that are run when going to normal mode::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Set the custom AT commands that are run when switching to normal mode::
```

   
   Prerequisites: modem sysmode pwroff.

   link nmodeat --mem1 "at%xbandlock=2,\"100\""
   link funmode --normal

>    Band #3 is locked to be in use during the next attempt to normal mode.

Reviewer 3: If this text is not coming from the code, have it as normal text.

Author: Yep. Modifying in my next change

MoSh command: "iperf3"

Iperf3 is a tool for measuring data transfer performance both in uplink and downlink direction.

> Note: there are certain features that are not supported, for example: file operations, TCP option tuning, .

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Iperf3 is a tool for measuring data transfer performance both in uplink and downlink direction.

.. note::
   Some features, for example file operations and TCP option tuning, are not supported.
```

Author: Applying this to my next change.

Examples
--------

Download data over TCP for 30 seconds with a buffer size of 3540 bytes and use detailed output::

   iperf3 --client 111.222.111.222 --port 10000 -l 3540 --time 30 -V -R

> Upload data over TCP for 30 seconds with the payload size of 708 bytes by using a PDN what is having ID #2 (use ``link status`` command to see active PDNs and their IDs):::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Upload data over TCP for 30 seconds with the payload size of 708 bytes using a PDN with ID #2 (use the ``link status`` command to see the active PDNs and their IDs):::
```

   iperf3 -c 111.222.111.222 -p 10000 -l 708 -t 30 --pdn_id 2

> Upload data over UDP for 60 seconds with the payload size of 1240 bytes and use detailed output as well as debug output::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Upload data over UDP for 60 seconds with the payload size of 1240 bytes and use the detailed output as well as debug output::
```

Curl is a command-line tool for transferring data specified with URL syntax.
It is a part of MoSh and enables you to test the data download with a "standard" tool.

> Note: there is a limitation that file operations are not supported.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It is a part of MoSh and enables you to test the data download with a "standard" tool.

.. note::
   File operations are not supported.
```

Author: Adding this to my next change as cannot commit from github review comment anymore after changes.

Examples
--------

HTTP download::

   curl http://curl.server.url/small.txt
   curl http://curl.server.url/bigger_file.zip --output /dev/null

> HTTP POST / upload::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
HTTP POST upload::
```

   curl http://curl.server.url/data -d "foo=bar"

   Generate N bytes to be sent in a POST body:
   curl http://curl.server.url/data -d #500000

>    Generate N bytes to be sent in a POST body by using a PDN what is having ID #1 (use ``link status`` command to see active PDNs and their IDs):

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   Generate N bytes to be sent in a POST body using a PDN with ID #1 (use the ``link status`` command to see active PDNs and their IDs):
```
